NMS-13472: Update table formatting in docs (continued) (#3564)
OpenNMS/opennms: docs/modules/operation/pages/telemetryd/protocols/netflow5.adoc

| Class Name          | `org.opennms.netmgt.telemetry.protocols.netflow.parser.Netflow5UdpParser`
|===

=== Configuration and use

> .Parameters for the Netflow v5 UDP parser

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.Optional parameters for the Netflow v5 UDP parser
```

[options="header, autowidth"]
|===
| Parameter             | Default     | Description

> 3+| *Optional*

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

| maxClockSkew          | 0           | The maximum delta in seconds between exporter and Minion timestamps.

> | clockSkewEventRate    | 3600        | Rate limit clock skew events, in seconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| clockSkewEventRate    | 3600        | Rate-limit clock skew events, in seconds.
```

| dnsLookupsEnabled     | True        | Enable or disable DNS resolution for flows.
|===

NOTE: The parameter `maxClockSkew` in your parser definition enables clock skew detection for exporters.

> It specifies the maximum delta in seconds between exporter and Minion time stamps.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It specifies the maximum delta in seconds between exporter and Minion timestamps.
```

If exceeded, an alarm will be generated for the exporting device.
The default value is 0, so clock skew detection is disabled.

> Furthermore, a parameter `clockSkewEventRate` can be used to rate-limit clock skew events.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Furthermore, you can use the `clockSkewEventRate` parameter to rate-limit clock skew events.
```
